[Music]
we have this
untranslatable idiom in english
it comes with the territory
good luck explaining the meaning of that
phrase to someone born and raised in
china laos thailand or cambodia i think
i've tried them all
really a uniquely american phrase really
comes out of the american genocidal
colonial
experience if you stop and think about
it for a minute you know exactly what
kind of territory they're talking about
you know exactly what comes with it
story i'm covering in this video part of
it's shallow
and part of it is really kind of deep
and profound and might have some
application
in your own lives all right yeah you
know what people say
bad things about me on the internet
it comes with the territory
i came up as a teenager i was involved
in theater
acting stand-up comedy and i knew other
people
who were at varying degrees of
commitment to that
lifestyle and i knew people in toronto
were part of the hip-hop scene
becoming rappers i knew a couple people
actually the punk rock
scene at that time too but rap in
toronto was
booming it's huge sorry i mean i know
people don't think of toronto that way
but really it was another one of those
centers for
you know recording artists i was gone
and you know
people come to you and say oh yeah yeah
yeah yeah i love acting it's my dream
this is what i want to do with my life
uh but i hate going to auditions
and i hate having people talk about me
by my back
and say i'm too fat or i'm too thin
or i'm too pretty for this part even
that happens in acting you know you want
to roll as a gangster or something and
you're too pretty to be the gangster
role
whatever it is you know oh yeah yeah
yeah and i can't stand being
judged and i can't stand and you know
what maybe you don't
like acting because it comes
with the territory if you think you want
to be a rapper
but you can't stand to have other people
say insulting things about you
and your mom and your girlfriend or your
boyfriend
or your sex life or whatever if you
can't stand to have people
insult you in rhyming couplets set to a
beat
if you can't put up with the kind of
confrontations that happen on stage
and off stage maybe maybe what you want
really is not
to be a rapper because it comes with the
territory
people are afraid
to come on youtube people are afraid to
come on the internet
and keep it real and tell it like it is
because they're afraid of this i got a
two-part
answer this okay part of me wants to say
don't be don't be afraid okay you know
what you know what the truth is though
you know what the deeper truth is
okay it's relative
to the merit of the content you're
producing
if you really think that what you're
has substance has merit that it's still
going to be meaningful five years from
now
or 15 years from now or 50 years now if
you think you're coming on the
microphone and saying something that is
really worth recording
and sharing with the world then you
shouldn't be afraid of any of this
[ __ ]
and if and when people step to you
people write to you saying that they
think your content is offensive or
shallow or evil or should be cancelled
you should be in a position to write
back them and say you're damn wrong
[Music]
[Applause]
my
[Music]
i had one person one
one person write to me saying that she
thought my videos
about hitomi mochizuki were offensive it
is
very likely her opinion was just based
on seeing the thumbnail
maybe the title and not clicking on the
video and i wrote back to her and said
you're wrong these are really meaningful
videos
that are talking about this stuff in a
sincere and serious way
and i ain't ashamed of them i'm proud of
them
my daughter can watch those videos one
day and my daughter's gonna ask you
about them
i'm cool with that and this particular
person
i don't even think they're an exception
to the rule i don't think they're
special
they took a look at what the titles of
my videos were they clicked on they
listened to them for a couple minutes
threw it back and they said hey you know
what you're right hey you know what
you've got a point
you know they wrote back and said hey i
guess i was wrong you're actually doing
something meaningful
this is the kind of critique that's
worth something i was mistaken
you know what that happens to me all the
time
and it's not always that polite and it's
not always that easy
okay one person one
wrote into me offended by my video
about rachel ziegler vegan activist
of dxe won so rachel if you think your
campaign
to defame me denounce me get me
cancelled
has any traction one person one friend
of yours
wrote to me and the same script played
out
in exactly the same way i'm not ashamed
of what i said in this video
i think i'm producing something that's
really worthwhile i stand by this video
my daughter can watch this video one day
my daughter can ask me questions
i'm proud of the content i burst i'm not
ashamed my girlfriend melissa
was in the room when i had a phone call
with a dude
this is a white dude from thailand who
was shouting at me
because of my video about nina and randa
from a million years ago
and it boils down to the same thing what
i had to say to him was what are you
talking about what i said in that video
was really meaningful
and he hadn't even seen the video i've
been through that with other youtubers
too
but they jump on it okay you tell me
you tell me who should be afraid of whom
in this equation if you do a book review
and you haven't read the book
you should be ashamed of yourself right
or wrong
if by dumb luck you managed to give a
really accurate
analysis of a book you haven't read you
should still be ashamed of yourself
if you've read the book right and if the
writer wrote the book
all right then we're on one we're on one
level right like one person is being a
sincere
creator of content and someone else is
being a sincere critic
and that's good for everybody steel
sharpened steel
everyone in my audience is welcome to
criticize me everyone
welcome to criticize my youtube videos
including you rachel
rachel's got her own youtube channel i'm
happy to hear it
i'm a vegan and an old political science
major making his way
as an obscure author airsats filmmaker
and slightly less obscure
youtuber keeping it keeping it all the
way real
i've interviewed a wide variety of
people over the years vegan and
anti-vegan and i'd be happy to interview
you
via skype presumably if you've got the
[Music]
time
i don't know if rachel gets a lot of fan
mail
and i don't know if rachel gets a lot of
hate mail
all right but this is clearly neither
one
it's not stalking it's not harassment
it's not hate mail
it's just two content creators on
youtube
and at least one of the two is trying to
keep it real her reply
i don't know if i really appreciate the
narration in this video especially
laughing about the part that anyone can
make a website accusing someone
this is not a video that i want to share
or have anything to do with
it doesn't feel like support to me
i don't support anyone i do research
and then i present an informed opinion
thus the name
and the motto active research and
informed opinion
reply
active research and import opinion well
i'm not interested
yeah i guess both of us are keeping it
real in this conversation
you dug through old personal photos of
mine like a creep
what you didn't see the video
she didn't even see two minutes of the
video before making this comment it's
not true at all
editing out parts of me where i sound
stupid and where i'm talking about my
insecurities
if you continue to do this i consider it
harassment and i will report your page
and publicly call you out actually you
know what i don't need to wait for it to
happen again
period bye quote i treat men and women
equally
you'll find that i offer critique and
cross-examination of the politics of
gary yourofsky
gary francione and innumerable others
all with the same ricker
and no there's nothing creepy about
research there's nothing creepy about
quoting the front page of the newspaper
it's one of the cheapest points that
people try to score on the internet
is accusing you of having spent many
hours
quote-unquote stalking them or like
digging through their old facebook posts
which
again if you think of yourself as a
journalist there's nothing wrong with
that
as a journalist there's nothing wrong
with going out looking through someone's
old facebook post to find the image you
want to find or find the political
i've seen journalists go back 20 years
in someone's twitter history to find the
one homophobic
comment they made 20 years ago and then
make a news story out of it that is
legitimate journalism
but no that's not what i did i'll ask
you in the audience have you ever put
your own name
into google this is what you get for my
name in
google image search could be worse and
yeah if you put rachel ziegler's name
into google image search that week you
got the images that i used in that video
trust me i put five seconds of effort
into putting together the images and the
video clips used there
as i told you before i'm not on anyone's
side
i'm not supporting you nor wayne syong
nor anyone else i do research and i
present the audience
with an informed opinion you know the
motto
apparently she did see that message
because i got
two posts that were unreadable to me i
i don't know if she tagged me after
she'd blocked me or what but those never
popped up and that is the end of the
conversation why
come on the internet and conversely
why cower like a coward and stay off the
internet
why share your opinions with the world
and why
keep your opinions yourself the number
one reason
for privacy is that you are afraid
of looking like a fool
here's the wonderful thing about social
media in the 21st century
nobody else can make you look
like a fool you shouldn't be afraid of
rachel ziegler
you shouldn't be afraid of socrates you
shouldn't be afraid of durianrider
or nor vegan there's a list of people
there is a quantifiable list of people
who've tried their hardest to defame me
denounce me
counsel me counsel me
there is a finite list of people we
could name here
who have worked very hard for short
periods of time
to defame me denounce me drag my name
through the mud and in some cases quote
unquote
cancel me sometimes making a rumor and
innuendo about my sex life
and this kind of thing and guess what
none of it will
ever work because all that anyone has to
do to debunk it
is click on that link is take that one
minute that one second
to click over and read whatever my
actual article was that i'd written
watch whatever video it was i'd put on
youtube read the actual statement i'd
made in writing
whatever the format might be none of my
critics
can make me look like a fool that's not
a power
anyone in the audience can give them
it's not a power i give them myself
the only one on the internet who can
make you look like a fool
is you so if you believe that the
content
you're producing has some meaning and
that it
matters today and tomorrow and tomorrow
and tomorrow
for the rest of your life and maybe for
your children and grandchildren if you
think you're doing something meaningful
then take that risk get on the internet
roll up your sleeves and you can deal
with the same mud
and blood and colony and innuendo
and cross-examination like every other
battle rapper
like every other stand-up comedian like
every other aspiring model and actor who
has rumors told behind their
back it's not a risk
it's a certainty people are gonna talk
if you are a person worth talking
dad